[OSDOCS-11832] OCM book for HCP topic map (#84429)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ocm-overview-tab.adoc

The **Overview** tab provides information about how your cluster was configured:

* **Cluster ID** is the unique identification for the created cluster. This ID can be used when issuing commands to the cluster from the command line.
* **Domain prefix** is the prefix that is used throughout your cluster. The default value is your cluster's name.
* **Type** shows the OpenShift version that the cluster is using.
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]

> * **Control plane type** field only displays if your cluster uses a hosted controle plane architecture style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Control plane type** is the XYZ. The field only displays if your cluster uses hosted control plane architecture.
```
I feel like you should define what this is as well as saying if when it appears, since the other terms are defined.

endif::openshift-rosa[]
* **Region** is the server region.
* **Availability** shows which type of availability zone that the cluster uses, either single or multizone.
* **Version** is the OpenShift version that is installed on the cluster. If there is an update available, you can update from this field.
* **Created at** shows the date and time that the cluster was created.
* **Owner** identifies who created the cluster and has owner rights.
* **Delete Protection: <status>** shows whether or not your delete protection is enabled.
ifdef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* **Status** displays the current status of the control plane and machine pools of the cluster.
endif::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
* **Status** displays the current status of the cluster.
endif::openshift-rosa[]
* **Total vCPU** shows the total available virtual CPU for this cluster.
* **Total memory** shows the total available memory for this cluster.

> * **Infrastructure AWS account** displays your AWS account that is responsible for cluster creation and maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Infrastructure AWS account** displays the AWS account that is responsible for cluster creation and maintenance.
```

ifdef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* **Billing marketplace account** displays the AWS account that is used for billing purposes.
endif::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
* **Additional encryption** field shows any applicable additional encryption options.
endif::openshift-rosa[]
* **Nodes** shows the actual and desired nodes on the cluster. These numbers might not match due to cluster scaling.
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
* **Cluster autoscaling** field shows whether or not you have enabled autoscaling on the cluster.
* **Instance Metadata Service (IMDS)** field shows your selected instance metadata service for your cluster.
endif::openshift-rosa[]
* **Network** field shows the address and prefixes for network connectivity.

> * **OIDC Configuration** field shows the created Open ID Connect configuration for your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **OIDC configuration** field shows the Open ID Connect configuration for your cluster.
```
